Edit doc landing page and add one additional doc page (#251)
SecurityApps/precaution: docs/index.md

which allows results to be presented directly as inline annotations instead of
a pass/fail status report.

Precaution currently supports analysis of:
* Go files via [Gosec](https://github.com/securego/gosec)
* JavaScript and TypeScript via [TSLint](https://github.com/palantir/tslint) and [tslint-config-security](https://github.com/webschik/tslint-config-security)
* Python files via [Bandit](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit)

New languages may be added in future, please file an [issue](https://github.com/vmware/precaution/issues) for your language/linter of choice.

* Documentation: [vmware/precaution/docs](https://vmware.github.io/precaution/)
* Source: [vmware/precaution](https://github.com/vmware/precaution)

> <!-- * Bugs: [vmware/precaution/issues](https://github.com/vmware/precaution/issues) -->

Reviewer: A general remark; don't use code comments to remove lines of code, just delete them. The revision control history (git) is able to show us what removed and, when paired with a decent commit message, why.

## Try Precaution

> Check out the several sections and you can continue with your project but with it being secure.

Reviewer: This sentence is a little confusing, perhaps something like:
```suggestion
Check out the sections below to use Precaution to help secure your project.
```

- [Initial setup](initial_setup.md)
- [Setting up Precaution as branch protection rule](branch_protection_rule.md)
- [False positives and how to handle them](false_positivies.md)

## Contributers documentation

If you are enthusiastic about Precaution and want to improve it don't be concerned. Anyone can contribute, whether you’re new to the project or not.

> - Bugs: [vmware/precaution/issues](https://github.com/vmware/precaution/issues)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can move the `Bugs` link where are the Documentation and Source links because bugs can be written as well as our consumers and our contributors.
We could rephrase it to `Issues/Feature requests/Suggestions` which will invite our users to not only report bugs but also involve in the development of Precaution with ideas.

Reviewer: Agreed. Filing issues/feature requests is a contribution, but we would like to encourage everyone to file them not just those who feel like they satisfy the label of contributor.
